Chuck Norris loves the smell of naplam in the morning.
Chuck Norris knows exactly where Waldo is on every page. Even the pirate one.
Chuck Norris once ate a whole cheesewheel to show a group of third graders how badass he is.
Chuck Norris went on a drug trip with Raffi, which resulted in the lyrics for the song 
Once a grizzly bear threatened to eat Chuck Norris. Chuck showed the bear his fist and the bear proceeded to eat himself, because it would be the less painful way to die.
Chuck Norris let the dogs out. He has yet released a public apology for his actions.
Chuck Norris believes that a flamethrower is an essential part of a well balanced breakfast.
The two 'atomic bombs' dropped on Japan in World War Two were actually two small parts of Chuck Norris' left testicle, which he graciously donated to defeat Hitler and the Axis powers in 1943. Since then he has regenerated said testicle, and in the process made Tim McGraw a bigger douche.
Chuck Norris eats members of the Ku Klux Klan for lunch every Thursday.
Chuck Norris shot the sheriff AND the deputy. He then occupied the position of deputy.
Chuck Norris caught all 386 pokemon in just under 2.7 seconds. He says he won't trade any of them for anything.
The mathematical proof 
One does not punch Chuck Norris; Chuck Norris headbutts one's fist.
Chuck Norris will kick you, and it will hurt. Forever.
Chuck Norris can stop time for up to two hours by thinking about pineapples
Chuck Norris punched a woman in the vagina when she didn't give him exact change.
If you shoot Chuck Norris, you'll only make him angry.
Chuck Norris once destroyed Tokyo for fun, but was able to rebuild it in a matter of milliseconds.
Chuck Norris starts his day with a bowl of oatmeal, some pancakes and a glass of fresh squeezed Nazi juice.
Chuck Norris once fought off 42 ninjas bilndfolded, while having sex with 3 women.
After much debate, President Truman decided to drop the atomic bomb on Hiroshima rather than the alternative of sending Chuck Norris. His reasoning? It was more 
Chuck Norris built the entire continent of Asia in two days using just a spoon and Teen People magazine.
Every piece of furniture in Chuck Norris' house is a Total Gym.
Chuck Norris and Snoop Dogg once had a free style rap battle so awsome that people now celebrate the holiday Easter to remember the day.
Shortly after Bruce Lee's death, Chuck Norris worked as a Chemist, during which time he discovered the element of surprise and later, painium. He won a nobel prize for his work which he put next to his imaginary Oscar on his trophy shelf.
Chuck Norris has killed every single person who has ever called him. 
